What are cloud services?

Overview
Cloud services are infrastructure, platforms, or software that are hosted by third-party providers and made available to users through the internet. 

Cloud services facilitate the flow of user data from front-end clients (e.g., users’ servers, tablets, desktops, laptops—anything on the users’ ends), through the internet, to the provider’s systems, and back. Cloud services promote the building of cloud-native applications and the flexibility of working in the cloud. Users can access cloud services with nothing more than a computer, operating system, and internet connectivity.
Modernize your IT with managed cloud services


What are the prerequisites to learn cloud?

Programming Skills. ...
Familiarity with Databases. ...
Basics of Security and Privacy. ...
Knowledge of Agile Development. ...
Familiarity with Operating Systems. ...
Understanding of Virtualization. ...
Basics of Networking. ...
Basic Understanding of Different Types of Cloud.

Advantages of Cloud Computing?
As we all know that Cloud computing is trending technology. Almost every company switched their services on the cloud to rise the company growth.

Here, we are going to discuss some important advantages of Cloud Computing-

Advantages of Cloud Computing
1) Back-up and restore data
Once the data is stored in the cloud, it is easier to get back-up and restore that data using the cloud.

2) Improved collaboration
Cloud applications improve collaboration by allowing groups of people to quickly and easily share information in the cloud via shared storage.

3) Excellent accessibility
Cloud allows us to quickly and easily access store information anywhere, anytime in the whole world, using an internet connection. An internet cloud infrastructure increases organization productivity and efficiency by ensuring that our data is always accessible.

4) Low maintenance cost
Cloud computing reduces both hardware and software maintenance costs for organizations.

5) Mobility
Cloud computing allows us to easily access all cloud data via mobile.

6) IServices in the pay-per-use model
Cloud computing offers Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) to the users for access services on the cloud and pays the charges as per the usage of service.

7) Unlimited storage capacity
Cloud offers us a huge amount of storing capacity for storing our important data such as documents, images, audio, video, etc. in one place.

8) Data security
Data security is one of the biggest advantages of cloud computing. Cloud offers many advanced features related to security and ensures that data is securely stored and handled.







